Enable `custom-property-disallowed-list` in `stylelint-polaris` (#8973)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/khaki-walls-wash.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
'polaris.shopify.com': minor
'@shopify/stylelint-polaris': minor
---

> Enable `custom-property-disallowed-list` rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabled the `custom-property-disallowed-list` rule
```

> Add deprecated v10 custom properties to `stylelint-polaris` `global-disallowed-list` and enabled the `custom-property-disallowed-list` rule.

Author: ```suggestion
Enabled the `custom-property-disallowed-list` rule and added deprecated v10 custom properties.
```
